**Introduction**

IoTRoutes is an IoT platform designed to efficiently manage and route messages in connected object environments. 
It offers a robust and scalable solution for processing the large amounts of data generated by devices. In addition to communication, the platform ensures message analysis and interpretation using configurable interpreters.
The platform is built on a set of pillars offering flexibility and power, including:
  - IoT message templates in multiple formats, configurable and optimized for the devices to be managed.
  - Visual workflows to configure message routing, conversion, and classification.
  - Valuable interpreters for message analysis, interpretation, and classification.
  - Configurable message lifecycle for efficient message tracking and classification.
  - Command board simplifies device control.
  - Scheduled jobs allow for deferred processing such as interfacing with other systems or generating statistics and reports.

**Main benefits**

Scalability and high availability
Integrated security and robust access control
Seamless integration with other systems
Visual workflows, manual, scheduled, or automated triggers
Automated analytics and reporting
AI-driven actions

**IoTRoutes Application Objset Server AOS**
 IoTRoutes is a platform designed to receive IoT messages from devices and route them to various internal processes or external systems. Through configurable workflows rich in predefined actions, internal processes perform conversion, interpretation, analysis, alerting, report or document generation, and execution of actions such as sending commands to devices or data to internal or external APIs.

**IoTRoutes Web Client**

With AOS bakend server IoTRoutes provide the web-based interface that enables users to access and interact with the IoTRoutes backend Application Object Server (AOS). It is an integral component of a powerful and flexible IoT platform, designed to streamline device management, data visualization, and system communication.
